Instructions for the Simple Linear Regression Project

Depending on which of the extra credits you attempt, you should use the
appropriate template files given here.

If just the basic assignment with no extra credits implement your 
solution on SimpleRegression.java and submit it.

If you do the first but not the second, implement the basic assignment
in SimpleRegression.java, then implement it and the first extra credit in
SimpleRegressionXC1.java, and submit both of them.

If you do just the second extra credit, implement both the basic assignment
and the extra credit option in  SimpleRegressionXC2.java and submit it.

If you do both, implement the basic and the first in SimpleRegressionXC1.java
and the basic and the second in  SimpleRegressionXC2.java and submit both of
them.

The reason this is so complicated is that the test cases are very different
for the first extra credit and running it on the other test cases is not
at all revealing.

Note, the only text output sent to the screen should come from the
code we provide, so that we may test the correctness of your results with
simple file compares.


Note also that if you do the first extra credit, the Turtle plots
for the average Y values for a given X will not be very informative except
on specially constructed test files, test6.txt and test8.txt here.


There are eleven test data files

test0.txt
test1.txt 
...
test10.txt

included here.  All the console output for the basic assignment
from each is given in allTestResults.txt, labeled by the test file.  
The first five, test0.txt through test4.txt, fail the test for displaying
the regression results.  The last six, test5.txt through test10.txt do produce
some numerical results.  Their associated Turtle plots are given in
im5.JPEG through im6.JPEG.

Similarly all text output for the two extra credits are given in
allXCTestResults.txt.  The only two test files that produce images for
the first extra credit that are at all illuminating are test6.txt
and test8.txt, and the plots are given in xcIm6.JPEG and xcIm8.JPEG.


We may test your program on additional files.  Consult the specification
and double check that your program implements all features that are described
there, including the error checking that was requested.  A brief recap of the
main requirements of the basic assignment follows. Some of this is already 
done by the template code we included here.

The program should

1. accept the name of the input file on the command line; if it is not there
it should print an error message and terminate.

2. if there is a token on the command line, but a Scanner cannot be constructed
from it, the program should print an error message and terminate.

3. test data files we supply will always have an even number of positive real values,
between 0 and 2000.  If there are fewer than 3 points, or only 1 X coordinate value,
or only 1 Y coordinate value, the program should issue a message and terminate.
You do not need to check if there are more than 2000 points.
There are two boolean variables that the template program checks.  When you read
in the points, you should set them appropriately.

4. if the data passes the tests, then the program should calculate the values
described in the assignment, call our display method to format and print them
to the console

5. again, only if the data passes the tests, use the Turtle to plot the points 
in blue and after the points, the regression line black as described elsewhere


Submit all your source code files in an archive file named project2.zip.
All the source code files should belong to a package named project2.
